c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\PookyApp.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\PookyApp.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\PookyApp.xap
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\PookyApp.g.resources
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\PookyApp.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\PookyApp.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\Help.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\PookyApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\Gestures.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\Options.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Images\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Images\Background.png
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PookyApp\PookyApp\obj\Debug\PivotPage1.g.i.cs
